Updating exercises based on pilot (#140)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/17-explanation.md

Map out the relationships between the lesson objectives (LO),
the learning experiences via which they will be delivered and those specific items of content
e.g., item A supports LO 1, \& will be delivered using a lecture  
OR more specifically  

> The read CSV and inspect demo supports Objective 2 (Use Pandas to load a simple CSV data set) and will be delivered using a lecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The read CSV and inspect demo supports Objective 2 (Use Pandas to load a simple CSV data set) and will be delivered using participatory live coding.
```

Author: Very good point!
